TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY-KINGSVILLE
I have gone through various publications from Texas A&M University Of Computer Sciences at kingsville. I devote my extreme appreciation for Dr. Scott C Smith explanation regarding the integration of Asynchronous Digital Design into undergraduate Computer Engineering Curriculum throughout the Nation.The development of synchronous circuits currently dominates the semiconductor design industry.The goal of this project is to improve educational practices and student learning through development of materials that provide for easy integration of asynchronous concepts into existing course structures. His answer also gave me necessary insight into the extent of the professor's experience and the amount of research done from the Computer Science department at Texas A&M University. I wish to pursue a Master's in Computer Science at the university. I hope that my impulse towards challenging and exciting concepts can be helpful for research at the university. I wish to continue with doctoral studies after my Master's with teaching as my overall objective.


SOP UNIVERSITY
Your prestigious University of Dayton has everything that I aspire to achieve.It is famed for its exemplary professors who are doing stellar  work in the field  . Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them.Dr.Brother Raymond L. Faith leader who has dedicated his life to educating young people and addressing critical social justice issues.DR. Brother Raymond L research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.

FRANKLIN UNIVERSITY
Your prestigious University of Franklin has everything that I aspire to achieve. Since 1902, Franklin University has been the place where adult learners can finish their degrees faster. Franklin University provides high quality, relevant education enabling the broadest possible community of learners to achieve their goals and enrich the world. Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them. Dr. Chunbo Chu have been a Lead Faculty of Computer Science at Franklin University.Dr. Chunbo Chu research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.

Arkansas State University
Your prestigious Arkansas State University has everything that I aspire to achieve. It is famed for its exemplary professors who are doing stellar work in the field. Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them. DR. CHRISTOS GRECOS Chair of the Computer Science Department Full Professor of Computer Science at Arkansas State University.He is good in explanation regarding R&D in image and video coding standards, video networking, computer vision, machine learning, hardware/software co-design, multi-objective optimisations,visual quality metrics,DASH, video networking, image/video segmentation, image/video filtering, object localization/detection/tracking, multi-part tracking, active contours, graph cuts, level sets, deep neural nets programming, deep neural nets architectures, etc. DR. CHRISTOS GRECOS research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.

University of Bridgeport
Your prestigious University of Bridgeport has everything that I aspire to achieve.It is famed for its exemplary professors who are doing stellar  work in the field. Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them. Dr. Khaled Elleithy introduced new and innovative classes in several areas, including network security, wireless communications, embedded system design, wireless sensor networks, and quantum computing. He is the founder of the Mobile and Wireless communications laboratory. His research group in Mobile and Wireless Communications won over forty awards for their research papers and posters at the state and national levels. His research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.

webster university
Your prestigious University of Webster has everything that I aspire to achieve.It is famed for its exemplary professors who are doing stellar  work in the field. Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them.The university is committed to delivering high-quality learning experiences that transform students for global citizenship and individual excellence. Dr. Akhror Abduvaliev research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.

concordia university st paul
Your prestigious Concordia Saint Paul University founded in 1893 has everything that I aspire to achieve.It is famed for its exemplary professors who are doing stellar work in the field. Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them.Concordia is the top-ranked university in North America founded within the last 50 years and annually registers some 51,000 students through its innovative approach to experiential learning and cross-functional research.It is a private, comprehensive liberal arts university that delivers academic programs designed to respond to marketplace needs by teaching relevant skills and abilities employers seek.Emmanuel Brown Choragudi is a Contracted Faculty of Practice, MS Information Technology Mgmt in concordia saint paul university.His research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.

Saint louis University
Your prestigious University of Saint Louis has everything that I aspire to achieve.It is famed for its exemplary professors who are doing stellar  work in the field. Their publications are highly valued and I will be very privileged to work under them.It is a Jesuit, Catholic University ranked among the top research institutions in the nation. Founded in 1818, it is the oldest university west of the mississippi and the second oldest Jesuit university in the United States. SLU is recognized for world-class academics, life-changing research, compassionate health care, and a strong commitment to faith and service.The university is committed to delivering high-quality learning experiences that transform students for global citizenship and individual excellence. Dr. Joe Lyons is Assistant Professor of Security & Strategic Intelligence and Director of the Undergraduate Security & Strategic Intelligence program.  Dr. Lyons spent 14 years working in the U.S. intelligence community, beginning with appointment in 2001 with the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency.He earned his PhD in Public Policy Analysis and Administration at Saint Louis University and holds a BS in Political Science and Legal Studies and an MPA from Murray State University.  He is a graduate of the Joint Combined Warfare School at Joint Forces Staff College. His research and publications shows the high level of expertise they have in the area. With my motivation and skills I am very confident that I can exceed their expectations and give back a lot to the university.